[SCALPER]
Lucky you.
Those are the only
three tickets left.
Thank you kindly!
[MARIE]
Sometimes you just happen to be
at the right place
at the right time.
[BANDIT F]
Grab her! You're coming with us!
[ELIZABETH] Let me go!
I said don't touch me!
[BANDIT A]
Do as you're told!
This little brat oughta fetch us
a hefty pile of lir, I'd say.
[MARIE]
Trying to get started in
the loli kidnapping
business, are we?
[BANDIT C]
Who the hell are you?
No one, just a
passing Journalist.
Here's a breakin' story!
Your skull!
[MARIE]
No thanks.
She's a journalist
who knows martial arts?
[BANDIT E gasping, groaning]
[BANDIT C yelps]
You're tough!
Teach me your ways!
Hopefully those cretins
didn't hurt you, young lady.
I'm no 'young lady.'
The name is...
I found her in this alleyway!
She's here with a
suspicious looking woman!
It's the glasses, right?
[ELIZABETH grunts] C'mon!
We gotta get outta here, fast!
Hey! What're you
dragging me into?
Halt!
But getting captured
would be bad news.
[ELIZABETH] Sweet and fluffy,
like eating a candy cloud!
So, who are you exactly?
Allow me introduce myself.
Elizabeth S. Altar, the second
princess of this kingdom!
[MARIE]
That's what I figured.
And my name's Marie Adler.
So just out of curiosity,
why weren't
any of your attendants
with you, Your Highness?
'Cause we traveled
all the way to Gideon
and they wouldn't even
let me explore anywhere.
So, I said, "you won't be able
to stop me!" and snuck out!
[MARIE] At least that
explains the guards.
I'm letting my hair down and
enjoying this beautiful day!
One problem though. Um...
[MARIE]
Maybe I can help?
[ELIZABETH]
I kinda need a tour guide.
I don't know my way
around the city.
[MARIE] It'd be my pleasure
to show you the sights.
[gasps] You mean it!
[MARIE]
Sure!
Yay! I want to see
all of Gideon!
[MARIE] Just tell me where you'd
like to begin, Your Highness.
There'll be none of that.
The guards call me
"your highness."
So, what do you prefer? If you'd
like, I'll call you Ellie.
[gasps] Yes!
I absolutely love it!
From this point forward,
that'll be my name!
[laughs]
[MARIE]
Hold on Ellie.
[FRANKLIN chuckles]
Just a friendly reminder,
royalty killers go
straight to the jail.
And now that all of your hands
have effectively been tied,
there's something I'd like to‐‐
Ellie!
Are you insane?
Heh!
Huh. Seems you don't quite
understand the situation.
I've taken your precious
princess as a hostage
in case you didn't notice!
And right as I'm trying to talk
you do that! Why the hell
would you attack right now?
Do you even know the reason?
You're either an idiot...
...or a hothead in need
of a serious cooling off.
[WIZARD gasping]
Oxygen Slime,
made by yours truly!
What d'ya think about that?
I call 'em, "Li'l Destroyer"!
[CROWD gasping]
[WIZARD AA]
Fire!
Oh, wow. Where do I begin?
Apparently nobody out
there is listening to me.
Here's the deal: morons who
place their Bunsen burners
near liquid oxygen will
lose their lab privileges!
Also their lives.
One more small thing.
Blow him up all you'd like,
but my 'lil Destroyer
will end up regenerating.
That brainlet's interference
totally made me
lose my train of thought,
but anyway...
I think I'm free to speak my
demands now, don't you?
A brief demonstration.
[CROWD murmuring]
[FRANKLIN] This switch is linked
to several gadgets I've set,
and just one press
will release a monster
from any random device.
Even if I don't press it,
they'll all be released
in about an hour or so.
Oh, and by the way.
I have untold numbers of them
placed around Gideon.
There are two ways
to shut them down.
You can try your luck
destroying the trigger,
or somehow get me to
take the death penalty.
Easy, right?
Now that you Masters
know the rules...
Let the games begin!
Who's this maniac think he is?
[SHU]
Beary odd,
he told his plan like a
stereotypical villain.
Giving us everything
we needed to win.
You're right.
This is just a guess,
but I think the point is
to make it seem like
disaster's avoidable,
so if we fail,
the Masters'll look helpless.
That would lower morale.
[GROUP grunts]
[ROOK]
What's through there?
[SHU]
The lobby. C'mon.
Huh? Where's Marie?
It'll give way eventually!
What was that?
[FRANKLIN] Sounds like
we've got some players
trying to brute‐force their
way through the barrier.
[FRANKLIN] Don't pretend
you didn't miss me.
There's one thing
I forgot to mention.
Every time you
attack the barrier,
a monster gets released
somewhere inside the city.
But if you manage
to break through,
then all of them will be freed.
So, please! Keep it up, guys!
You're the real monster!
Things just got worse.
At this rate, I don't see how
the kingdom's Masters can win.
Let's say his plan works.
Like, the only thing he can
really do is gloat, right?
Maybe, if we're only
talking about us Masters,
but there are others
who will suffer.
Namely, the tians who live here.
He's set it up so the
kingdom's poised to lose.
Even before the
second war begins.
Bingo.
[RAY grunts]
Of all places, why'd
you attack Gideon?
[FRANKLIN laughs]
Duel City loves entertainment.
It's the perfect venue
to mark the end of all
that war business.
This land's strongest
knight, greatest mage,
and its kind,
fatherly king all dead!
You know your countryfolk
are fleeing in terror?
Despite that,
this scrappy nation
hasn't thrown in the towel.
Why do you suppose that is?
Everyone thinks you
lost the war because
your top ranked players
didn't participate.
They're not entirely wrong.
No one was there to stop us.
Thus, you threw the
Clash of the Superiors
to prove you'd win the next one.
Parading your Masters around
and boosting your esteem.
"Look how strong they are!"
"We've still got it!"
To be blunt, that pisses me off!
Could you imagine what'd happen
if this country's Superiors
actually took part in the next
war? It'd be a disaster.
Which is why I
made my appearance.
To break your spirit beforehand.
Imagine what this
kingdom will think
when they find out their Masters
sat back while the city
was torn to shreds and their
princess was kidnapped!
It'd be a repeat of
the previous war
and the tians would lose faith
in the Masters again,
as well as the will to resist
the Dryfe Imperium.
You have my sympathy.
Because, when the Masters
do come to save me,
it's not going to end
too well for you.
[NEMESIS]
Brother Bear.
I know that we're stuck in here,
but what about
this city's forces?
How strong are they?
[SHU] I'd say the majority
of battle‐oriented jobs
came to watch the fights.
Any Masters outside most
likely aren't equipped
to battle Franklin's gang.
But surely there's some
who aren't trapped
in the colosseum
that can put up a fight.
[SHU] Look, Preventive measures
have been taken against anyone
who would pose a threat.
Those are Franklin's
people, no doubt.
Imagine if the monsters and
those players ran amok.
Great. So, we're stuck here.
If only we could pass through
this damn barrier.
[RAY gasps]
[WIZARD C]
It doesn't affect you?
Do you have some kind
of barrier crossing skill?
I shouldn't.
[SHU]
Wait. What level are you?
Forty‐one. Why do you ask?
[SHU]
Now I get it, grizz! Ha, ha!
They're using arena bear‐iers!
That's why you can pass through!
[RAY] You'll have to remind me.
Why's that matter?
[SHU] The bear‐ier is for
the audience's protection,
restricting traffic
from leaving or coming in.
That's why players
level 50 and below
can't take part in matches.
They'd be able pass straight
through the protective shield.
Oh, right! So that means...
Find every Master
level 50 and below
in the colosseum
and bring them here!
[WIZARD E] Masters level 51
and up with support jobs,
set up the rookies with
buffs and autoheals!
[ROOK] Pretty glaring
loophole to overlook.
[SHU]
Yeah. I doubt Franklin
would make such
a simple mistake.
Ray, we have a shot. But in
all likelihood it's a trap.
Even if it isn't, bear in mind
not only are we up
against elite players
and an army of monsters, but
also Franklin, a Superior.
Death is almost certain. So, do
you still want to forge ahead?
Let me ask you something, bro.
A young girl was kidnapped
right in front of me,
and this city's about to
be plunged into chaos.
And now, I find out I'm
in a position to shake up
this evil plan. You think I
could just stand by?
[SHU]
Figured you'd say that.
I'm out of Brooches and down
to my Last Dragonscale Ward.
Take it.
Sure. Thank you.
[SHU]
Make things grizzly for them,
but don't go and get
yourself killed.
When the barrier's down,
I'll join you.
I'll be relying on you, bro.
Take care.
Well, Ray, ready?
[RAY]
Yeah!
We're gonna take this city back!
[RYZAC] Out of all the jobs
he could've assigned,
Franklin set us up with
a pretty sweet deal.
You said it. We just have to
take care of any newbies
who pass through the barrier.
Then defect to Dryfe,
bing bang boom,
we'll all be set up for good.
Hell, yeah! Still though,
as a former Altar Master,
it does sting just a tiny bit!
Are you sure?
'Cause if I didn't know any
better, I'd say you were
looking forward to gettin'
aggro on these noobs.
[MOHAWK RED laughs]
Well, well. Look who decided
to come out and play.
It's quest time, finally.
We're up!
Prep an AOE spell, Red.
Comin' up!
Huh?
Hellish Miasma!
Firing on full power!
Poisonous gas?
And it gives three debuffs?
How's that possible?
[RYZAC] A low‐rank noobie
shouldn't be able
to use an item like that!
Now, Red!
You don't have
to tell me twice!
Shoot! The last thing we want
is some kinda surprise
attack in this fog!
[MARILYN roars]
They have beasts?
[WIZARDS scream]
There's no way.
I am not gonna let some
low‐level scrub beat me!
[MYANNA] Fire off the spell
before they hit us again!
Crimson Sphe‐‐
Silence.
[MOHAWK RED gasping]
Why'd you stop casting?
It wasn't me, man!
Some loser cancelled my magic!
[AUDREY roars]
[WIZARDS yelling]
[growls] We've put more
hours into this game
than any of these guys! Push
those noobs back into the arena!
On it!
Here comes the pain! Ah!
[RYZAC]
What's with the friendly fire?
Don't tell me...
[RYZAC]
Charm? But... that's crazy!
Lilim Temptation!
Myanna! Heal us, now!
Don't tell me
they got you, too!
[WIZARD K yelps]
At least we still have Red.
[yells]
[WIZARD L groans]
Found ya! Crimson Sphere!
[RAY grunts]
[MOHAWK RED laughs]
Man!
Ha! Vengeance is Mine!
[RYZAC] If we lose, our betrayal
was all for nothing!
Neat trick you got there.
Durandal!
[RYZAC]
You're finished!
[RYZAC yells]
[ROOK] Even higher‐ranked
players can be defeated
if you find an opening.
See ya.
[RYZAC] Dammit. If I'd known
we had noobies like this
I would've never turned
my back on the kingdom.
[FRANKLIN] That was...
faster than I was expecting.
[ELIZABETH]
What're you're looking at?
Just don't drop it.
[ELIZABETH]
Uh. Are those lights Masters?
[FRANKLIN]
You're a sharp one.
Red are the heroes, me and my
crew, and blue is your kingdom.
This land does have its fair
share of powerhouse players.
Though, why some chose not to
attend the matches, I can't say.
[WIZARD N] Franklin, help!
We need backup!
Ran into sixth in the duel
rankings, Kamen Rider!
See what I mean?
Club. Move to C‐three.
[ELIZABETH]
Like cards?
[FRANKLIN] Yeah. I wanted
the map to be original.
Have a certain je ne sais quo.
You've got the club,
heart, and diamond,
but I don't see the
spade symbol anywhere.
Spade is my backup
backup plan. At the rate
things are going, they won't
even need to show up at all.
[gasps]
[ELIZABETH] You're using the map
to stay away from the Masters.
Why? Are you scared of them?
[FRANKLIN] Truthfully,
I'm a bit of a weakling.
You could argue
I'm being paranoid
since we're protected up here.
The only Superiors who could
get past the wall of
monsters work for me.
[ELIZABETH screams]
[FRANKLIN]
I did overlook someone.
A Master without a
seventh form Embryo
that could make it
past my obstacles.
The one they call
The Superior Killer.
I meant to ask this earlier,
but why is it that you think we
should head in this direction?
Call it a hunch.
Look to the west.
Something's waiting
for us there.
[RAY] If the west gate holds
any real importance,
I'd bet he must be
blocking it himself.
[ELIZABETH]
Is that you, Marie?
Well, of course. Who else
were you expecting?
I'm glad I get to see you again.
But how did you...?
There will be plenty of
time for us to catch up,
but first, let's
get you to safety.
This can help us escape.
[MARIE]
What're these dots?
[ELIZABETH]
Red means they're from Dryfe.
[MARIE] So, it's like a
detector? That is useful!
You have any idea what these
large playing‐card symbols
are supposed to represent?
The diamond is Franklin.
The heart and club are a couple
of friends he brought with him.
[MARIE] How's that rat still
alive? It doesn't make sense.
His HP should've been
depleted ten times over.
Doesn't matter.
First thing is, I've gotta get
Ellie back to the arena.
He'll keep her safe,
even against Franklin.
Look! We're almost at
the colosseum, Ellie!
[ELIZABETH]
Yeah‐‐
[MARIE gasps]
[FRANKLIN] I'm reclaiming the
princess, thank you very much.
[MARIE] Are you cheating?
We should've been outside
the Castling skill's
effective range.
[FRANKLIN]
I Castled via monsters
I'd placed throughout the town.
[MARIE growls]
[FRANKLIN] You really did a
number on me, Superior Killer.
Without vassals to
transfer my damage to,
I would've bitten the big one.
[MARIE] Shame. I really wanted
you to eat the penalty.
[FRANKLIN] Whoa!
You're vicious! I like that!
Club, do something about
this problem, would ya?
[MARIE grunts]
[FRANKLIN]
This should be more your tempo.
Eh? I brought him along to
deal with special cases.
And you are certainly that.
[MARIE] Here I was thinking you
were just a talented quartet.
I bet I know who your
patron is. Franklin. Right?
[VELDORBELL]
Affirmative.
[MARIE]
May I ask you for your name?
[VELDORBELL] Certainly.
I am the club on the board.
Veldorbell, King of Orchestras,
the Superior Conductor job.
And you are?
[MARIE]
Who am I? The Superior Onmitsu.
Job... Death Shadow.
Marie Adler.
And you're in my way, so if
you could hurry up and die.
[VELDORBELL] Dear listener,
don't be in a rush.
Take in my requiem
before you depart.
[WIZARDS murmuring]
[WIZARD O]
This some kinda joke?
[WIZARD P]
Past the sign! It's a mech!
From the Dryfe Imperium,
by the looks of it.
Let's give him a proper welcome!
[WIZARDS chattering, laughing]
Cyco, would you mind?
Not at all.
[WIZARD P] They were taken out
in one attack? But...
[WIZARD O]
Must be an Embryo skill.
They're under level 100.
Not as if it makes
much of a difference.
[WIZARD CC] What is this?
A freeze spell?
[CYCO]
Given how low they are,
I suppose they're
both support jobs.
[HUGO] A Bishop or something.
We have no choice.
Damn.
[CYCO]
Master. One left.
So what's the hold up?
Or are you not sure you can
extinguish these flames?
You're welcome to try!
I'm afraid that I can't
let you pass.
[BISHMAL yells]
[CYCO]
Doesn't matter the temp,
my La Porte de l'Enfer
freezes everything.
Gideon's Masters are powerful.
Far tougher than I'll ever be.
Veteran fighters who have
experience battling people.
And this is where it got them.
They'll never win against me.
Never.
[RAY]
"The Movement on the Board."